Update the user README file (#35)
kyma-project/community-modules: docs/README.md

# Kyma Community Modules

## Overview

> The community modules are modules provided by the Kyma community and can be installed alongside the managed modules. They are not automatically updated or maintained, but they can be used to enhance your Kyma experience with additional features and capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Community modules are modules provided by the Kyma community. Use them to enhance your Kyma experience with additional features and capabilities. You can install community modules alongside managed modules. Unlike managed modules, community modules aren't automatically updated or maintained.
```

Should we also add a disclaimer here about losing SLA if you're a managed Kyma user? For example, "In SAP BTP, Kyma runtime community modules aren't subject to the Service Level Agreement (SLA)."?

## Quick Install

<!-- tabs:start -->

#### **Kyma Dashboard**

1. Go to your Kyma dashboard and select **Modify Modules**.

2. In the **Community Modules** section, select **Add** and mark the modules you want to install.

3. Select **Add**.

> Your module is installed, when its status changes to `Ready`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your module is installed once its status changes to `Ready`.
```

> To delete your module, select the trash icon next to the module name.

Reviewer: Should we mark it as **Next Steps**?
We describe how to delete a community module only in Kyma dashboard. How about Kyma CLI or kubectl?

#### **Kyma CLI**

1. Check the list of modules that you can add:

    ```bash
    kyma module catalog
    ```

2. Add a community module:

    ```bash
    kyma module add {MODULE_NAME} --community
    ```

3. See if your module is added:

    ```bash
    kyma module list
    ```

    You should see your module on the module's list.

#### **kubectl**

> 1. Install the ModuleTemplare CustomResourceDefinition (CRD):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the ModuleTemplate CustomResourceDefinition (CRD):
```
